Form: update simpleItem.editorType (#5627)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxForm/5 Item Types/SimpleItem/editorType.md

[important]If you use [DevExtreme modules](/concepts/Common/Modularity/01%20Link%20Modules/10%20Use%20Webpack.md '/Documentation/Guide/Common/Modularity/'), import the editor's module when specifying this property. You can omit modules for *"dxTextBox"*, *"dxDateBox"*, *"dxCheckBox"*, and *"dxNumberBox"*, because the Form UI component imports them automatically when creating form items. 

> [note] This property does not [support](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/Types/#FormItemComponent) all editors. You can use a [template](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/Item_Types/SimpleItem/#template) to define a not supported component. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[note] This property does not [support](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/Types/#FormItemComponent) all editors. You can use a [template](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/Item_Types/SimpleItem/#template) to define an unsupported component. 
```
